NOTES

CURRENT LIMITATIONS
each user can only log 1 dive per divespot on a given date
clunky divesite selection in new and edit page - better to group by country?
Add PADI and SSI qualifications

TO DO
- write a few tests
- test the tests!

Models:
Users
first name
last name
username
email
password/password_digest

Dive
date
divesite_id
user_id
  (future feature, has 2 users? 2 dive buddies?)
notes

Divesites
name
users
dives


Structure:

/ Homepage
  -login
  -signup

/login

/signup

ISSUES THAT AROSE:
WEDNESDAY
wrong singularization of Dives (Dife!)
fixed by adding activesupport gem and making an inflection file in config folder, required in config.ru

tux not loading
fixed by using require not require_relative in config.ru

has_many, through assocatioan not working
fixed by simplifying - join table was not required

MONDAY
Plan app and file structure (on paper/evernote)

TUESDAY GOALS:
finish writing tests
get all model tests passing
lecture on capybara testing

WEDNESDAY
RECORD 30min coding session
get all controller tests passing
update tests if needed (add capybara)
pass updated test form tests
get all basic views written
22h30 - meeting with Katie

THURSDAY
complete technical requirements for assessment
css - make it pretty!
23h - meeting with TradeSchool
00h30: Project Prep Office Hours sinatra

FRIDAY
06h30 Career Coach AMA
record walkthrough
write blogpost

THINGS TO IMPROVE:
design overall
all buttons to be wrapped in links, not links inside (to avoid the underline)


SATURDAY
23h30: HTML/CSS Deep Dive

after submit for assessment!
Refine visual design - maybe some slight animation??? Bubbles?!
make erb nicer...

[refactor/add features if desired] ON NEW FEATURE BRANCH! ONLY MERGE IF IT STILL WORKS!
clone Fwitter, new repo, make it nice - Bwitish Banter?!


SUNDAY
retest and rewrite tests if necessary (label names etc) ( 9 failures only yay )
tidy html...
fill in spec.md
update readme
improve seeds
record walkthrough
write blog
submit for assessment



USER STORIES:
Aleksandar is a regular diver
    He can visit Grotto and see an index page where he can follow a link to sign up
    He can make a new account on Grotto and see all the dives logged by other users
    He can see a page dedicated to another user's dive. He cannot edit it or delete it
    He can see another user's divelog
    He can look at a list of all the divesites that have been added to Grotto.
    He can see a page dedicated to a particular divesite and see a list of all the Grotto users who have logged a dive at that site as well as local dive centres.
    He can edit the divesite but only if it still has a name, location and country AND the updated divesite details do not create a duplicate of another divesite.
    He can delete a divesite but only if no other users have logged a dive there.
    He can see his own divelog - at the moment it is empty!
    He can log a new dive as long as it has a valid date (format DD/MM/YYYY) and the date is valid
    He can see his new dive on his divelog
    He can see his new dive on the dives index with all the other users' dives
    He can see a page dedicated to any of his dives
    He can edit any of his dives as long as they still have a valid date
    He can delete any of his dives
    He can create a new divesite at the same time as he logs a new dive as long as the divesite and dive are both valid
    He can log a new dive at the same time as he creates a new divesite as long as the divesite and dive are both valid

    He can edit his user account details as long his password is validated and he has a first name, last name, username and email.
    He can change his password as long as he validates with his old password
    He can logout and be redirected to a login page

    He can visit the website again later and from the welcome page he can follow a link to login
    He can login from the login page and all his dives are still available
    He can navigate away from the Grotto website without logging out and when he returns, he does not have to sign in
